That's right, my father is the Governor of Gimhae
Wang Shao has promised me
Said to help our neighbor make a comeback
And rescue my brother from a foreign prison
Thank you king for being so righteous
You're welcome.
I do this
One is because I slept late and I need to help him
The second is because
I still have some grudges to settle with your neighbor
Ah emperor
Does our Lin family have any grudges?
Lin Bin's family still remember our past, right?
You did?
When you bullied a little country boy
I drove you away.
When you are better than our neighbor, you will settle the bill with me
That's right, now my dad is also the governor of Gimhae
And your neighbor is in trouble
You become a Shang family dog
Today I will calculate the accounts of the year with you
Tell me what to do.
If you think you are great
Just kill me
I won't kill you.
But I let you stay with me for three days and three nights
Wait until I've had enough of you before kicking you
My Woman
Whoever moves will die
Who are you?
He is the one who made Lin Bingjiao
Inverted hateful waiter
What a world
A lowly waiter
How dare you talk to my noble governor
Call it that